system-variables: Update/extend tidb_general_log docs (#20534)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set whether to record all SQL statements in the [log](/tidb-configuration-file.md#logfile). This feature is disabled by default. If maintenance personnel needs to trace all SQL statements when locating issues, they can enable this feature.

> - If the [`log.general-log-file`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#general-log-file-new-in-v800) option is set then the general log is written to a separate file. The [`log.format`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#format) is configuring the format of the log messages both when a separate file is used and when the general log is combined with other logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the [`log.general-log-file`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#general-log-file-new-in-v800) configuration item is specified, the general log is written to the specified file separately. 

- The [`log.format`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#format) configuration item enables you to configure the log message format, whether the general log is in a separate file or combined with other logs.
```

> - The [`tidb_redact_log`](#tidb_redact_log) variable can be used to redact the statements that are logged to the general log.
> 
> - Only statements that were executed are logged, failed statements are not written to the general log. Failed statements are instead logged with a `command dispatched failed` message to the tidb log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`tidb_redact_log`](#tidb_redact_log) variable enables you to redact SQL statements recorded in the general log.

- Only successfully executed statements are logged. Failed statements are not recorded in the general log but are instead logged in the TiDB log with a `command dispatched failed` message.
```

- This variable is used to set whether to record all SQL statements in the [log](/tidb-configuration-file.md#logfile). This feature is disabled by default. If maintenance personnel needs to trace all SQL statements when locating issues, they can enable this feature.

- If the [`log.general-log-file`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#general-log-file-new-in-v800) configuration item is specified, the general log is written to the specified file separately. 

- The [`log.format`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#format) configuration item enables you to configure the log message format, whether the general log is in a separate file or combined with other logs.

- The [`tidb_redact_log`](#tidb_redact_log) variable enables you to redact SQL statements recorded in the general log.

> - Only successfully executed statements are logged. Failed statements are not recorded in the general log but are instead logged in the TiDB log with a `command dispatched failed` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only successfully executed statements are logged in the general log. Failed statements are not recorded in the general log but are instead logged in the TiDB log with a `command dispatched failed` message.
```
